it is nasty outside today man cold and
wet raining not a good day for riding
but let me take the inside I'll show you
around my latest progress on the
crossbones if you guys have been
following my videos you know I did a
carburetor conversion on this bike and
the last time you guys saw it I had had
it up on jack stands and it was the
first start of the carburetor conversion
so now that I've been riding in a bit
and going through all the bugs I'll run
through some of the updates I've been
doing I've actually put a couple hundred
miles on it and it runs great carburetor
needs a little bit of tuning still but
other than that it's running great I
don't want to take my seat off but if
you can see in here there we go
that's all the wiring what is it five
fuses a couple of relays a couple of
breakers and that's it for the wiring
this is the new tank I got with the
petcock for the carburetor I probably
could have converted my old tank but for
the price of this thing it wasn't even
worth the effort I made some new mounts
what I did was mill out a nice little
piece of round bar for the bolt welded
it to the top of the frame and I drilled
and reinforced the frame in the back for
the back mount of this tank a few weeks
ago I made this little gauge pot here
out of some sheet metal head laying
around it's not quite done I got a paint
it and whatnot I figured I'd least
needed an oil pressure gauge and an
odometer so I can track my fuel I don't
have a fuel gauge on this bike so those
will come in handy I haven't hooked them
up yet as you can see but they're
getting there
doesn't mean I can't ride the bike just
means I got to check my fuel more often
figured why have 18 switches on a Harley
when you can have one little box like
this there's a Yamaha piece came off an
XS 650 and these are my high lows this
is my blinkers and that's gonna be from
my horn that's all I need
one little pod
I don't need switches up here I don't
need switches over there I only need
this switch here now I've had a lot of
questions about what ignition I'm using
since I'm not using the Harley system
anymore
the bike is carbureted so the computers
can't work the way they would before for
the ignition so I went with this
thunderheart I can't remember what model
but it's a thunderheart standalone the
electronic ignition system comes with a
coil with the wires with the module and
you can actually can't really see it ah
you can actually change your timing
there your ignition timing you can run a
magneto setup although I've never seen
it in person I've read a couple of
articles on it you can convert these
twin-cam motors to a magneto system
where you don't even need a battery I've
never done it I've never seen it done
but it is a cool option I have to admit
for the future although I don't know if
I want to kick over a 96 inch motor but
anyway this is my setup it's electronic
ignition it's for for my purpose it's
great it's reliable I go on a lot of
long trips with this bike and that's
what I need one of the biggest changes I
made on this bike is swapping that 200
millimeter tire from the crossbones out
for this 150 millimeter dinah tire I
think it looks much better I don't
really like that wide tire look it's a
Dyna wheel and a Dyna tire I guess it's
150 millimeters
I guess they use it on a bunch of
different things but it kind of bolted
right in I had to move some spaces
around it is the stock swing arm which
is kind of cool I also have a eBay
special rear fender that's got a nice
contour on it I like it better than
those old tractor fenders just because
it has a contour to it and that kind of
fit in I had to cut it up a little bit
but it works pretty well and last but
not least in the rear end is this little
homemade sissy bar
I made this here at the shop from some
Home Depot round bar and I welded a
couple of songs on it bent it up and
Prime
for a while I was running a 21-inch
front wheel and tire but the problem is
this front end is so wide to fit this
front tire that the stock 21 inch Harley
tires and wheels are just too skinny and
as far as I know they don't make Harley
has never made a 21 inch wheel that's
more than like two inches wide so unless
I find one I'm just gonna stick with
this I'd love to get a three inch wide
20 1 inch tall wheel but I don't know if
I could do it if you have any
suggestions let me know well that's the
story with that bike I'm hoping to get
out a bunch this year and some long runs
already got a few in mind I'd like to
get out camping I will be a ride to
skate this year I will be at Laconia
this year a bunch of other smaller runs
so that's it maybe I'll see you out
there
make sure you subscribe I've got a bunch
more updates on this bike on the other
cars a new bike I picked up so stay
tuned